rganization settings
General information
For billing purposes you can use the organization ID below.
Organization name

Organization ID
org-lively-glitter-18016197



Save
API keys

Create new API key
As an admin of Xxx, you control your organization's API keys. These global keys provide admin-level access to all organization resources, including projects, members, and billing information.

Automatic, instant branches of your database with every PR
The GitHub integration automatically creates an API key and sets it as a repository secret.


Connect to GitHub
Click here to view your account specific API keys ->
Domains
Add and verify domains to automatically provision new users into your organization. Users who sign up with a verified domain will be added as members automatically.
Domain


Add domain
No domains have been added yet. Add a domain to start auto-provisioning users.
Early access
Join the early access program to preview upcoming features for Xxx's projects. You can opt out anytime.
Test new features before anyone else
Shape the product with direct feedback
Share feedback directly with our team. Join our Discord community for discussions in the #neon-early-access channel.

Join early access
HIPAA support
Neon takes the security and privacy of your health-related information seriously. Enabling HIPAA support for your organization will allow HIPAA compliance to be enabled on individual projects. More details about how we support HIPAA compliance can be found in our HIPAA Compliance guide

.
You can also review our Business Associate Agreement (BAA)

.
HIPAA support disabled

Enable
Your current plan does not support HIPAA compliance. Change my plan.
Private Networking
Higher-tier plans only
Route traffic from your app to Neon through a protected AWS internal network.
Prerequisites
The client application must be deployed in the same AWS region as the Neon database.
A dedicated VPC endpoint to connect the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) where the client application is deployed. View setup instructions
Upgrade your plan to limit database access.
Transfer projects
You can only transfer projects to another organization you are a member of. Transfers are instant, with no downtime.

Transfer projects
Delete organization
Before deleting this organization you need to:

Delete its projects

Delete organization