Project settings
General
Project ID
small-hat-32034537


Project name


Save
Compute defaults
These defaults will be used as the initial settings for any primary or read replica computes you create. Modifying these defaults does not alter the settings of any existing computes.
Compute size: .25 ↔ 2 CU
Scale to zero: 5 minutes (default)
Upgrade to control compute size and scale to zero

Modify defaults
Instant restore
Choose the length of your restore window. This setting enables instant restore for point-in-time recovery, time travel queries, and branching from past states.
0h1h2h6h
Need a larger restore window? Upgrade your account to get up to 30 days.

Save
Updates
Keep your computes up to date with the latest Postgres version updates, security patches, and Neon features. Updates require a brief restart of your project's computes. Learn more

On the Free Plan, Neon schedules updates as needed, typically completing in just a few seconds. For more control over when updates occur, upgrade your plan to set a specific time window for updates.

Upgrade to customize
Collaborators

Invite
Invite external collaborators to join this project. Existing collaborators are listed below.

You haven't shared your project with anyone yet
* This project is owned by Xxx. Manage member permissions on People page.
HIPAA compliance
Enable HIPAA compliance on this project to ensure that all protected health information (PHI) is protected in compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). For more details about how we support HIPAA compliance, see our HIPAA Compliance guide

HIPAA compliance disabled

Enable
Your current plan does not support HIPAA compliance. Change my plan.
Networking

Upgrade your plan to limit database access to trusted IP addresses.

Upgrade your plan to limit database access using VPC.
Logical Replication
Logical replication lets you replicate data changes from Neon to external data services and platforms.

Enabling logical replication:
Restarts all computes in your Neon project, dropping any active connections
Changes your Postgres wal_level setting to logical
Can not be turned off once enabled

Enable
Transfer project
Move this project to another organization you belong to. Transfers are instant, with no downtime.

Or, create a claim link so another Neon account can take ownership.

Transfer project
Delete project

Permanently delete project tiktok-bot. This action is not reversible. Proceed with caution.

Delete project